Docs: update links (#13531)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/sidebar-tutorial/plugin-sidebar-5-update-meta.md

# Update the meta field when the input's content changes

> The last step in the journey is to update the meta field when the input content changes. To do that, you'll use another utility from the `@wordpress/data` package, [withDispatch](/docs/designers-developers/developers/packages/packages-data/#withdispatch-mapdispatchtoprops-function-function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step in the journey is to update the meta field when the input content changes. To do that, you'll use another utility from the `@wordpress/data` package, [withDispatch](/packages/data/README.md#withdispatch-mapdispatchtoprops-function-function).
```
